---
layout: post
title: Gaffer at SIGGRAPH 2018
author: Michael DuBelko
images: /content/images/2018-08-09-siggraph-2018/
banner: SIGGRAPH2018_Logo_Small.jpg
tags: [talks, siggraph]
---

The Gaffer development team will be at SIGGRAPH 2018!

Members from Image Engine's R&D team will take part in 3 presentations this year:

<h4 class="mt-5"><a href="https://s2018.siggraph.org/presentation/?id=gensub_198&sess=sess294">Practical Denoising for VFX Production Using Temporal Blur</a></h4>
<h5 class="mt-3">Clean Up Your Room</h5>

**When:** Monday, August 13th, 9:00 <small class="text-muted">AM</small> – 10:30 <small class="text-muted">AM</small>

**Where:** West Building, Room 301-305, Vancouver Convention Centre

Image Engine's resident R&D shading expert, Daniel Dresser, will present a simple, effective, and cost-saving solution for denoising in a studio VFX pipeline. This 5-step render method reduces noise and preserves fine details, without producing excess blurring. Case studies of the denoiser in action on big-budget productions will be shown.

<h4 class="mt-5"><a href="https://s2018.siggraph.org/presentation/?sess=sess360&id=bof_170#038;id=bof_170">Gaffer: Open Source Lookdev, Lighting, and Automation</a></h4>
<h5 class="mt-3">Birds of a Feather</h5>

**When:** Wednesday, August 15th, 11:00 <small class="text-muted">AM</small> – 12:00 <small class="text-muted">PM</small>

**Where:** East Building, Room 11, Vancouver Convention Centre

As with previous years, we will host a Birds of a Feather meeting to discuss the state of the Gaffer project. You will have the opportunity to talk directly to Image Engine's R&D Lead, Andrew Kaufman, and the chief GafferHQ Architect, John Haddon, about software and pipeline design. The whole Image Engine R&D team will be on-hand for questions. Come and learn more about Image Engine’s R&D work and Gaffer's latest developments! 

<h4 class="mt-5"><a href="https://s2018.siggraph.org/presentation/?sess=sess230&id=bof_121#038;id=bof_121">Open Shading Language</a></h4>
<h5 class="mt-3">Birds of a Feather</h5>

**When:** Monday, August 13th, 1:00 <small class="text-muted">PM</small> – 2:00 <small class="text-muted">PM</small>

**Where:** Pacific Rim 2, Vancouver Convention Centre

Demonstrating our acumen for open source VFX technologies, Image Engine R&D developer Don Boogert will take part in an expert panel discussing Open Shading Language (OSL), the modern standard in high-end shading languages for physically-based rendering.
